PAYG Guide (#2397)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/specialized-guides/pages/public-cloud-guide/payg/payg-aws-requirements.adoc

> = AWS System Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= AWS system requirements
```

> When setting up a SUSE Manager {payg} instance on AWS, it's essential to consider system requirements for optimal performance and functionality. The default requirements outlined below have been tailored for smooth deployment and operation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When setting up a {productname} {payg} instance on AWS, it is essential to consider system requirements for optimal performance and functionality. 
The default requirements outlined below have been tailored for optimal deployment and operation. 
```

> .AWS System Requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.AWS system requirements
```

[cols="2,1"]
|===
| Requirement | Details

| root storage
| 200 GB

| spacewalk storage
| 500 GB

| database storage
| 80 GB

| CPU

> | 4 cores; Utilize the latest **m6a** or **m6i** systems, or opt for the older generation **m5a** or **m5i** machines

Author: Maybe it would be better to simply provide the minimum requirements: 16 GB ram, and >= m6a or m6i?

> | 4 cores; Utilize the latest **m6a** or **m6i** systems, or opt for the older generation **m5a** or **m5i** machines

Reviewer 2: yes, as m6a is the default but if someone prefer intel, they can use m6i.
Newer or older or other types does not matter so much. They can see from the list what we allow.

> | 4 cores; Utilize the latest **m6a** or **m6i** systems, or opt for the older generation **m5a** or **m5i** machines

Author: Fixed
